Free plan deprecation release notes (#5456)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-07-14-manage.md

---
title: What to Expect After Your Sumo Logic Trial
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - trial
  - manage-account
  - data-ingestion
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

To help you get the most from your trial and clearly understand what happens next, we've outlined what to expect after your 30-day Flex free trial.

* **Days 0–30**. Enjoy full access to ingest data, create dashboards, search logs, set up alerts, and explore the platform.
* **Days 31–37**. Data ingestion pauses. You can continue querying your existing data for 7 days based on your retention settings.

> * **Days 38–68**. Keep exploring with Kickstart Data, a curated set of sample data and dashboards that let you try features like search, dashboards, and alerts.

Reviewer: Please remove this line--there will be no Kickstart data

> * **Day 69+**. All data, including Kickstart, is removed. You can still log in to view your dashboards and will see an upgrade prompt to continue using Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Day 38+**. All data is removed. You can still log in to view your dashboards and will see an upgrade prompt to continue using Sumo Logic.
```

This helps ensure a focused, hands-on evaluation during your trial, followed by clear options for upgrading when you're ready.

> This update applies only to [Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts) trial accounts created after ***[DATE]***. It does not affect existing customers or other trial types such as AWS Marketplace and credits-based trials.

Author: ```suggestion
This update applies only to [Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts) trial accounts created after July 14, 2025. It does not affect existing customers or other trial types such as AWS Marketplace and credits-based trials.
```

> This update applies only to [Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts) trial accounts created after ***[DATE]***. It does not affect existing customers or other trial types such as AWS Marketplace and credits-based trials.

Author: @margaret-selid , can you supply the **DATE** placeholder?

Reviewer: July 14, 2025

> This update applies only to [Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts) trial accounts created after July 14, 2025. It does not affect existing customers or other trial types such as AWS Marketplace and credits-based trials.
> 
> Learn more:
> * [Explore plans and upgrade now](https://www.sumologic.com/pricing)
> * [About Kickstart Data](/docs/get-started/quickstart#getting-started-with-kickstart-data-in-your-trial)

Author: ```suggestion
This update applies only to [Flex](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/sumo-logic-flex-accounts) trial accounts created after July 14, 2025. It does not affect existing customers or other trial types such as AWS Marketplace and credits-based trials.

[Learn more](https://www.sumologic.com/pricing) about Sumo Logic pricing plans and upgrading.
```

> * [About Kickstart Data](/docs/get-started/quickstart#getting-started-with-kickstart-data-in-your-trial)

Reviewer: we can remove this since there won't be reference to quickstart
